This demo stores data across runs of the app.  When running in an emulator,
there are a few issues one must deal with:

First, if you have other apps that save state, you may want to make a separate
AVD instance for this demo.  Just sayin'...

Next is a little chicken-and-egg problem...  The device state is stored in a
snapshot, but that doesn't exist until the emulator runs and saves a snapshot
on exit.  So on the first run one must turn off "load from snapshot".  This
option isn't provided in the Eclipse Run configuration UI, but is provided by
the AVD Manager.  So the first time you run the emulator, don't start it with
Eclipse's Run, but rather with:
  Window -> Android AVD Manager -> select your AVD -> Start.
That will bring up a Launch window with these checkboxes:
  Wipe user data -- uncheck this
  Launch from snapshot -- uncheck this
  Save to snapshot -- check this
(If you've set --scale in your Run configuration, the AVD Manager doesn't know
about it -- check "Scale display to real size" and change the window size so
that the scale (shown below the dpi box) is what you want.)
Launch.  Wait for the emulator to boot completely.  Start the demo app if you
want.  Exit from the emulator -- that will save the first snapshot.  Go back to
the AVD Manager and (if needed) change the launch settings to:
  Wipe user data -- uncheck this
  Launch from snapshot -- check this
  Save to snapshot -- check this
If you had to change anything, launch the emulator.  After this, you can start
it using Eclipse's Run.

If you want to build this for a different API version from what I happened to
use, it's not enough to change the target in the Run configuration -- you'll
also need to edit uses-sdk in AndroidManifest.xml.  Eclipse does not update
that on Clean.

If you're using ctrl-F11 (Windows) or ctrl-fn-F11 (MacOS) to change orientation,
and after switching from portrait to landscape and back, the form no longer
changes orientation, you have an emulator with this "gravity sensor" bug:
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2481793/screen-orientation-landscape-back-to-portrait-not-working
http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=13189
A workaround is to click Home -- that will update the orientation.  After that
you'll have to navigate to the still-running app's icon in the Home menu and
click it.